DOCSP-48515: Source/destination balancing (#678)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/mongosync/mongosync-behavior.txt

Chunk Distribution
''''''''''''''''''

.. important::
   
   Even if ``mongosync`` balances the source cluster, it does not

>    necessarily balance the destination cluster.

Reviewer: [s] necessarily is a little vague: does ``mongosync`` occasionally balance the destination cluster and occasionally not? If it can be worded to be slightly clearer on the behavior that would be great, but if that is the best description all good.

Chunk Distribution
''''''''''''''''''

.. important::
   

>    Even if ``mongosync`` balances the source cluster, it does not

Reviewer 2: thanks, agree with Nick

>    Even if ``mongosync`` balances the source cluster, it does not

Reviewer 2: The distinction we want to draw is, even if the source cluster is itself already properly balanced prior to mongosync being called, this pre-existing balance does not help the destination cluster get balanced because mongosync does not preserve the sharding config

>    ensure balance of the destination cluster. To balance the destination

Reviewer 2: Since Sharding operations are not permitted during the execution of mongosync (see [Limitations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/cluster-to-cluster-sync/current/reference/limitations/)), you must wait until it is safe to accept writes in order to rebalance the destination cluster. See [Sharded Cluster Balancer](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/core/sharding-balancer-administration/#sharded-cluster-balancer) for guidance on how to rebalance the cluster.

   cluster, enable the destination cluster's balancer after your

>    migration finishes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   migration finishes by running the :dbcommand:`balancerStart` command.
```
or however you format the DB commands (I did my best 😄 )

Chunk Distribution
''''''''''''''''''

.. important::
   
   Even if the source cluster is balanced, ``mongosync`` does not
   ensure balance of the destination cluster. Because ``mongosync``
   does not support the execution of sharding operations during

>    migration, you must wait until it is safe to accept writes 

Reviewer 2: can we add the link to [Limitations](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/cluster-to-cluster-sync/current/reference/limitations/) from this [comment](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync/pull/678#discussion_r2012304938)

once that change is added I am good to approve, thank you!

Chunk Distribution
''''''''''''''''''

.. important::
   

>    Even if the source cluster is balanced, ``mongosync`` does not

Reviewer 4: [nit] We can use contractions in our docs for simplicity!
```suggestion
   Even if the source cluster is balanced, ``mongosync`` doesn't
```

Same goes for the instance below!
